welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going urban
following the kreitz into the big city
with critters 3. if you prefer your
crites in close quarters you should
subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open
on an rv occupied by a completely new
family that just
loves singing but are interrupted by a
flat tire
they make it to the next rest stop which
is swollen with other weary travelers
and we learned they're heading home
after their first vacation since mom
died
almost as soon as they unload little
johnny runs straight at the edge of a
ravine
warranting a vicious tongue lashing from
josh and he witnesses this and
intervenes
leading to their mutual acquaintance
however this quickly leads to trouble
as josh unloads the sling disc deep into
the danger zone and they all pursue it
with no consideration for their safety
when they find their toy they also
discover the nest charlie's been
sleeping in lately he warns them all of
the events of grover's bend in the crite
scorch
leaving them with a parting gift a space
crystal that warns of a crite presence
they all return to their respective
vehicles where annie believes
incorrectly that her dad will have any
interest in her
boring story about the strange man they
met in the woods
and they head home fresh krite eggs
stowed away snugly below deck
when they get there they come in hot and
are required to use poor mario's datsun
as a makeshift braking system
preoccupied with inspecting the damage
they fail to notice the new crite that
hops off and begins the infestation of
their building
inside we learn annie's trying to
utilize marsha's connections to find her
father a job with ma belle so he doesn't
have to leave them to ride the rails
then she visits her favorite neighbors
the menjeezys
for some ham and beans downstairs their
building maintenance man frank takes a
call that informs us he's being paid by
the property owner to help drive the
tenants out of the building
afterward he barely gets a chance to
creep on some delegates before pursuing
a strange noise
that results in him getting necked by a
crate he hangs in there momentarily
but falling down pretty much seals the
deal for him when his boss calls back
and he's unable to provide any
satisfactory answers he decides to come
down there and show frank how it's done
and he's bringing his stepson with him
for educational purposes
at the manginas pappy is struck by the
name grover's ben and finds the story in
his archive of tabloids when innocent
johnny sees a picture of sheriff charlie
it prompts him to pull out his space
crystal
now glowing green on her way back
downstairs we catch cliff
watching bowling the surest sign he's
given up on life
before catching rosie at laundry time
you pervert
what do you think he did she's then
attacked by the krites and manages to
panic loudly enough to attract annie's
attention
allowing her to eventually secure her
rescue they try to convince cliff of the
existence of aliens
he's hesitant to fall for their trick
but extraterrestrials or not something
was definitely eaten on her leg
and then of course a quad of krites show
up and remove any lingering doubts
back in the basement briggs is teaching
josh about the different classes of
people
and fomenting panic by cutting the phone
lines in power they then follow the
sound of the battery-operated tv
thinking they have identified a tenant
who illegally patched into the auxiliary
power
fed up josh speaks his truth i wish you
were dead
and manifests this vision marsha shows
up but finds briggs beyond help so they
retreat upstairs to where the adults are
being tended to
and josh and danny are reunited but they
don't have long before the krites start
ramming the door the group decides to
retreat to an attic space with access to
the roof
elevator and a phone box they may be
able to patch into hey i can do anything
okay calm down marcia and they make it
up right in time as the krites found
back entrance through the cupboards
missing their prey they opt to hang out
for a quick dinner break and make
believe like they're gremlins or
something
upstairs they find the roof entry locked
in their moment of quiet despair
josh comes clean about why he's there
and they agree that life is bleak and
seemingly devoid of meaning
marsha interrupts to announce she's
found an accent point and plans to use
it to call for help she warns them that
the building appears to be on fire
before taking the quickest pathway to
ground level
and then the hardest possible route to
the phone booth annie gets fed up and
takes the shaft
making it to ground level and
discovering a new krypt power she's
backed into a corner but rescued by
charlie who has enough ammo to kill
one krite before they have to retreat
when grouped back up charlie recommends
staring their attackers down as they
tend to telegraph their every move this
seems to work pretty well and they
manage to blast their way onto the roof
the final krite arrives and does a sonic
power spin at slo johnny
charlie deftly deflects it off the roof
but also still knocks johnny over the
ledge
cliff finally decides it's time to do
something and saves his kid
while we see charlie as again narrowly
avoided a near certain death
touching down gracefully on the camper
the next morning they get all patched up
and we learn cliff is turning in his
conductor's pants to find a new job
josh's mom then arrives to offer
everyone their court-mandated relocation
money to help keep them on their feet
during reconstruction in the credit
scene we find charlie warned away from
the final two krite eggs as they
represent the last two crites in
existence
and the death panel only supports murder
up to a point
a collection pod then arrives to
retrieve them
craters 3 was about as good as any of
them so far it works well as a
self-contained story but also moves the
krypt even further in the direction of
becoming ripoff gremlins
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching